[Clang] eliminate shadowing warnings for parameters using deducing this (#114813)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now diagnoses ``[[deprecated]]`` attribute usage on local variables (#GH90073).

> - Clang now omits shadowing warnings for parameter names using deducing this (#GH95707).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now omits shadowing warnings for parameter names in explicit object 
  member functions (#GH95707).
```
I think this makes it a bit clearer what this is about
